https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13088 (#6770)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/gatekeeper_operator/gatekeeper_operator_overview.adoc

[#gatekeeper-operator-overview]
= Gatekeeper operator overview 

Gatekeeper is a validating webhook with auditing capabilities. Install Gatekeeper on a {ocp} cluster from the {ocp} operator catalog. With {acm}, you can install Gatekeeper on your {ocp} managed cluster by using the {gate} policy to install the Red Hat {gate}. After you install Gatekeeper, use it for the following benefits: 

- Deploy and check Gatekeeper `ConstraintTemplates` and constraints on managed clusters by using the {acm-short} policy integration. 
- Enforce Kubernetes custom resource definition-based policies that run with your Open Policy Agent (OPA).
- Evaluate Kubernetes resource compliance requests for the Kubernetes API by using the Gatekeeper constraints.
- Use OPA as the policy engine and use Rego as the policy language.

> *Prerequisite:* You need a {acm} or {ocp} Plus subscription to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. Gatekeeper is only supported on {ocp-short} versions, except for version 3.11, which is supported by the latest version of {acm-short}.

Reviewer: I heard ACM 2.12 is removing support for OCP 3.11, so that portion can be removed.
```suggestion
*Prerequisite:* You need a {acm} or {ocp} Plus subscription to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. Gatekeeper is only supported on {ocp-short} versions, except for version 3.11.
```

To learn more about using the Gatekeeper operator, see the following resources:

- xref:../gatekeeper_operator/requirements.adoc#requirements[Requirements]
- xref:../gatekeeper_operator/channels.adoc#channels[Operator channels]
- xref:../gatekeeper_operator/gatekeeper_policy_constraints.adoc#integrating-gatekeeper-constraints-templates[Integrating Gatekeeper constraints and constraint templates]

> - xref:../gatekeeper_operator/manage_gatekeeper.adoc#managing-gatekeeper-operator-installation-policies[Managing Gatekeeper operator policies]

Reviewer: It looks like I've mentioned this before, so sorry if I'm being repetitive or objectionable. I'd prefer the Gatekeeper custom resource as its own section, and the "Integrating constraints" can come last (since it's a post-install task), so I'm thinking something like:
- Requirements
- Operator channels
- Configuring the Gatekeeper operator
  - Working with the Gatekeeper operator custom resource
  - Configuring auditFromCache for sync details
- Managing Gatekeeper operator policies
  - Installing/Creating/Upgrading/Updating/Deleting policy
- Integrating Gatekeeper constraints and constraint templates

> [#gatekeeper-operator-overview]

Reviewer 2: maybe change the filename to `gk_operator_overview.adoc` and sorry for the back and forth. Brandi let me know that yall agreed to using "The {gate} overview"
```suggestion
[#gk-operator-overview]
```

> = The {gate} overview 

Reviewer 2: I recommend removing "The". I did see it in the global hub doc but didn't see that with other operator doc. 
```suggestion
= {gate} overview 
```

> = Gatekeeper operator overview 

Reviewer 2: You can use the conref here: {gate} overview

> Gatekeeper is a validating webhook with auditing capabilities. Install Gatekeeper on a {ocp} cluster from the {ocp} operator catalog. With {acm}, you can install Gatekeeper on your {ocp} managed cluster by using the {gate} policy to install the Red Hat {gate}. After you install Gatekeeper, use it for the following benefits: 

Reviewer 2: Making changes based on the configuring topic. @dhaiducek is my suggestion accurate? 
```suggestion
Gatekeeper is a validating webhook with auditing capabilities. Install the {gate} on a {ocp} cluster from the {ocp} operator catalog. With {acm}, you can install Gatekeeper on your hub cluster by using the {gate} policy. After you install Gatekeeper, use it for the following benefits: 
```

Author: I committed the suggestion, but @dhaiducek, to Mikela's point, let me know if you want me to change this rewrite up some if it's inaccurate.

> Gatekeeper is a validating webhook with auditing capabilities. Install Gatekeeper on a {ocp} cluster from the {ocp} operator catalog. With {acm}, you can install Gatekeeper on your {ocp} managed cluster by using the {gate} policy to install the Red Hat {gate}. After you install Gatekeeper, use it for the following benefits: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gatekeeper is a validating webhook with auditing capabilities. Install Gatekeeper on a {ocp} cluster from the {ocp} operator catalog. With {acm}, you can install Gatekeeper on your {ocp} managed cluster by using the `Gatekeeper` policy to install the Red Hat {gate}. After you install Gatekeeper, use it for the following benefits: 
```

Reviewer: I think this should stay as "Gatekeeper operator policy". While it does contain the `Gatekeeper` custom resource, it also contains an OperatorPolicy to install the operator.

Reviewer 2: Ok thanks for confirming. If I were the user, I probably would be looking for the resource to read "GatekeeperOperator". That's why I made that suggestion

Reviewer: Yeah, I agree `GatekeeperOperator` would make way more sense and cause less confusion. Unfortunately changing its name is nontrivial so we're kind of stuck with it. 😕

- Deploy and check Gatekeeper `ConstraintTemplates` and constraints on managed clusters by using the {acm-short} policy integration. 
- Enforce Kubernetes custom resource definition-based policies that run with your Open Policy Agent (OPA).
- Evaluate Kubernetes resource compliance requests for the Kubernetes API by using the Gatekeeper constraints.
- Use OPA as the policy engine and use Rego as the policy language.

> *Prerequisite:* You need a {acm} or {ocp} Plus subscription to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. Gatekeeper is only supported on {ocp-short} versions, except for version 3.11.

Reviewer 2: Since OCP 3.11 will be removed this released, we don't need to mention it here.

To learn more about using the {gate}, see the following resources:

- xref:../gatekeeper_operator/requirements.adoc#requirements[Requirements]
- xref:../gatekeeper_operator/channels.adoc#channels[Operator channels]
- xref:../gatekeeper_operator/configure_gatekeeper_operator.adoc#configuring-gatekeeper-operator[Configuring the {gate}]

> - xref:../gatekeeper_operator/manage_gatekeeper.adoc#managing-gatekeeper-operator-installation-policies[Managing Gatekeeper operator policies]

Reviewer 2: Use the conref here: Managing {gate} policies

> - xref:../gatekeeper_operator/gatekeeper_policy_constraints.adoc#integrating-gatekeeper-constraints-templates[Integrating Gatekeeper constraints and constraint templates]

Reviewer 2: Reminder to add the link for the General support file

[#gatekeeper-operator-overview]
= Gatekeeper operator overview 

> Gatekeeper is a validating webhook with auditing capabilities. Install Gatekeeper on your {ocp} managed cluster by using the {gate} policy that then installs Gatekeeper on your managed cluster by using the Red Hat {gate} After you install Gatekeeper, use it for the following benefits: 

Reviewer: Primarily this is an operator doc, so I think I'd prefer to raise that path first with the RHACM path after.
```suggestion
Gatekeeper is a validating webhook with auditing capabilities. You can install Gatekeeper on a {ocp} cluster from the {ocp} operator catalog. With {rhacm}, you can install Gatekeeper on your {ocp} managed cluster by using the {gate} policy to install the Red Hat {gate}. After you install Gatekeeper, use it for the following benefits: 
```

- Enforce Kubernetes custom resource definition-based policies that run with your Open Policy Agent (OPA).
- Evaluate Kubernetes resource compliance requests for the Kubernetes API by using the Gatekeeper constraints.
- Use OPA as the policy engine and use Rego as the policy language.

*Prerequisite:* You need a {acm} or {ocp} Plus subscription to install Gatekeeper and apply Gatekeeper policies to your cluster. Gatekeeper is supported only on {ocp-short} versions, except version 3.11, supported by the latest version of {acm-short}.

To learn more about using the Gatekeeper operator, see the following resources:

- xref:../gatekeeper_operator/requirements.adoc#requirements[Requirements]
- xref:../gatekeeper_operator/channels.adoc#channels[Operator channels]
- xref:../gatekeeper_operator/gatekeeper_policy_constraints.adoc#gatekeeper-policy[Integrating Gatekeeper constraints and constraint templates]
- xref:../gatekeeper_operator/manage_gatekeeper.adoc#managing-gatekeeper-operator-policies[Managing Gatekeeper operator policies]

[#operator-versions]
== Operator versions

> The {gate} version aligns with the Open Policy Agent Gatekeeper version, reserving the z-stream for operator updates. For example, a newly released {gate} might start with a version of `v1.2.2` to align with the currently available Open Policy Agent Gatekeeper `v1.2.2`. But an earlier operator update might release with the {gate} version `v1.2.3` even though the deployed Gatekeeper is still equal to `v1.2.2`. To view the aligning Open Policy Agent Gatekeeper for a particular operator version, see the associated {gate} Errata.

Author: @dhaiducek Doc review suggested moving the == Operator versions section to this overview doc. 

What do you think about adding a link to the release notes here? Something like 

== Operator versions 
< the content > 

For more information about the {gate} and updates to its versions, see the Release Notes(link to release notes)

Reviewer: Rather than here, maybe move it to the `requirements.adoc` or `channels.adoc` file? It seems to me it'd flow better to have the support statement and then this operator versions content, followed by the release notes link(s), followed by the channels content?
